readme.rst, before:

Link Preview
============

A small plugin for `Nicotine+`_ to display preview information like
title and description about links sent in chats.


Installation
------------

Open Nicotine+ settings, go to *General > Plugins* and click *+ Add
Plugins*. After that download the latest `release`_ and extract it into
the plugins folder.

Now you can enable the *Link Preview* plugin in the previously
opened plugin settings.


Usage
-----

- ``/lp-update`` manually check for updates.
- ``/lp-reload`` reload the plugin.


Settings
--------

+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------+
| Name                | Function                                                                                | Default                       |
+=====================+=========================================================================================+===============================+
| Check for Updates   | Check for updates on start and periodically                                             | Enabled                       |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------------------+


Contributing
------------

Pull requests are welcome.


License
-------

`MIT`_

.. _Nicotine+: https://nicotine-plus.github.io/nicotine-plus/
.. _release: https://github.com/Nachtalb/link_preview/releases/latest
.. _MIT: https://github.com/Nachtalb/link_preview/blob/master/LICENSE

Commit message:

Update settings default and description

readme.rst, after:

Link Preview
============

A small plugin for `Nicotine+`_ to display preview information like
title and description about links sent in chats.


Installation
------------

Open Nicotine+ settings, go to *General > Plugins* and click *+ Add
Plugins*. After that download the latest `release`_ and extract it into
the plugins folder.

Now you can enable the *Link Preview* plugin in the previously
opened plugin settings.


Usage
-----

- ``/lp-update`` manually check for updates.
- ``/lp-reload`` reload the plugin.


Settings
--------

+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                | Function                                                                                | Default                                                              |
+=====================+=========================================================================================+======================================================================+
| Check for Updates   | Check for updates on start and periodically                                             | Enabled                                                              |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Message Colour      | How the message should be coloured                                                      | Action                                                               |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Link Preview        | Template for how to display the information. Available placeholders are:                | ``['* Title: {site_name} {title}', '* Description: {description}']`` |
|                     | - ``{site_name}``: Eg. YouTube, Google & Twitter                                        |                                                                      |
|                     | - ``{title}``: Eg. "Some video title foo bar", "Your search query on google"            |                                                                      |
|                     | - ``{description}``: Eg. "This is some video description on youtube"                    |                                                                      |
|                     | - ``{url}``: The URL which was sent in the chat message                                 |                                                                      |
+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+


Contributing
------------

Pull requests are welcome.


License
-------

`MIT`_

.. _Nicotine+: https://nicotine-plus.github.io/nicotine-plus/
.. _release: https://github.com/Nachtalb/link_preview/releases/latest
.. _MIT: https://github.com/Nachtalb/link_preview/blob/master/LICENSE
